doc: add english documents about smooth upgrade (#5141)
juicedata/juicefs: docs/en/administration/upgrade.md

When unmounting the file system, make sure that no application is accessing it. Otherwise the unmount will fail. Do not forcibly unmount the file system, as it may cause the application unable to continue to access it as expected.
:::

### Smooth Upgrade

Starting from version v1.2, JuiceFS supports the smooth upgrade feature, which allows you to mount JuiceFS again at the same mount point to achieve a seamless client upgrade. In addition, this feature can also be used to dynamically adjust mount parameters.

Here are two common scenarios for illustration:

1. Client Upgrade

>    For example, if there is a `juicefs mount` process `juicefs mount redis://127.0.0.1:6379/0 /mnt/jfs -d`, and you want to deploy a new JuiceFS client without unmounting the mount point, you can perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, if you have a `juicefs mount` process like `juicefs mount redis://127.0.0.1:6379/0 /mnt/jfs -d` and want to upgrade to a new JuiceFS client without unmounting, perform the following steps:
```

>    ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
```

    # 1. Backup the current binary
    cp juicefs juicefs.bak
   
    # 2. Download the new binary to overwrite the current juicefs binary
   
    # 3. Execute the juicefs mount command again to complete the smooth upgrade
    juicefs mount redis://127.0.0.1:6379/0 /mnt/jfs -d
    ```

> 2. Dynamically Adjust Mount Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dynamically adjusting mount parameters
```

> For example, if there is a `juicefs mount` process `juicefs mount redis://127.0.0.1:6379/0 /mnt/jfs -d`, and you want to adjust the log level to debug without unmounting the mount point, you can execute the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, if you have a `juicefs mount` process like `juicefs mount redis://127.0.0.1:6379/0 /mnt/jfs -d` and want to adjust the log level to debug without unmounting, execute the following command:
```

> ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
```

> # Adjust the log level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Adjust the log level
```

> juicefs mount redis://127.0.0.1:6379/0 /mnt/jfs --debug -d

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    juicefs mount redis://127.0.0.1:6379/0 /mnt/jfs --debug -d
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```
```

> Some notes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notes:
```

> 1. The smooth upgrade requires that the JuiceFS client versions of both the old and new processes are at least v1.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Smooth upgrades require both old and new JuiceFS client versions to be v1.2 or higher.
```

> 2. The FUSE parameters in the new mount parameters should be consistent with the old mount parameters, otherwise the smooth upgrade will continue to overwrite the mount at the current mount point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The FUSE parameters in the new mount parameters should be consistent with the old mount parameters, otherwise the smooth upgrade will overwrite the mount at the current mount point.
```

> 3. When `enable-xattr` is turned on, the smooth upgrade will continue to overwrite the mount at the current mount point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When `enable-xattr` is enabled, smooth upgrade will overwrite the mount at the current mount point.
```
